[IMP] purchase_request: make mail sending optional (#1544)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_request/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

With this configuration, whenever a procurement order is created and the supply
rule selected is 'Buy' the application will create a Purchase Request instead
of a Purchase Order.

> When delivery to purchase request is confirmed notification to partner is generated.
> Can be disabled in configuration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a delivery for purchase request is confirmed, a notification to followers is generated.
You can control this with the flag "Notify followers on request allocation" in stock general settings
```
